README.md, before:

# SecuredModuleRegistration Mixin
A vuejs mixin to secure dynamic module registration of vuex store.

It keeps track of how many components tried to register a module to the store. In that way multiple registrations under the same path can be prevented. This also enables a secure unregister method: 
Modules under a specified path are only unregistered when no more components require it.

## Problem getting solved
```javascript
export default {
  name: 'A',
  created () {
    this.$store.registerModule('cars', carsModule)
  }
  // dependend on store module 'cars'
  destroyed () {
    this.$store.unregisterModule('cars')
  }
}

export default { 
  name: 'B', 
  created () {
    this.$store.registerModule('cars', carsModule)
  }
  // dependend on store module 'cars'
  destroyed () {
    this.$store.unregisterModule('cars')
  }
}
```

Situation: Components A and B are living beside each other. 
Problem: At some point A is destroyed (unregisteres module 'cars') and after that B can not access store module 'cars' anymore.

## Usage

### Install Dependencies
`yarn`

### Run unit tests
`yarn test:unit`

### Use Mixin
```javascript
import Vue from 'vue'
import createSecureModuleRegisterMixin from '@/SecureModuleRegisterMixin'

Vue.mixin(createSecureModuleRegisterMixin(false)) // register as global mixin
...
```

Commit message:

Add problem scenario for registerModule

README.md, after:

# SecuredModuleRegistration Mixin
A vuejs mixin to secure dynamic module registration of vuex store.

It keeps track of how many components tried to register a module to the store. In that way multiple registrations under the same path can be prevented. This also enables a secure unregister method: 
Modules under a specified path are only unregistered when no more components require it.

## 'registerModule' Problem getting solved

### original vuex behaviour
```javascript
    const m1 = { namespaced: true, state: { foo: 'm1' } }
    wrapper.vm.$store.registerModule('module', m1)
    
    const m2 = { namespaced: true, state: {} }
    wrapper.vm.$store.registerModule('module', m2)
    
    expect(wrapper.vm.$store.state.module.foo).not.toBeDefined()
```

In the scenario above, the state of the module is overwritten by second registration. Vuex introduced a special flag 'preserveState' to handle this problem.

### 'secure' mixin behaviour
```javascript
    const m1 = { namespaced: true, state: { foo: 'm1' } }
    const m2 = { namespaced: true, state: {} }

    wrapper.vm.registerModule('module', m1)
    wrapper.vm.registerModule('module', m2)

    expect(wrapper.vm.$store.state.module.foo).toBeDefined()
```

RegisterModule of this mixin does not do anything on the second call because a module under this path is already registered. This automatically preserves the state.

## 'unregisterModule' Problem getting solved
```javascript
export default {
  name: 'A',
  created () {
    this.$store.registerModule('cars', carsModule)
  }
  // dependend on store module 'cars'
  destroyed () {
    this.$store.unregisterModule('cars')
  }
}

export default { 
  name: 'B', 
  created () {
    this.$store.registerModule('cars', carsModule)
  }
  // dependend on store module 'cars'
  destroyed () {
    this.$store.unregisterModule('cars')
  }
}
```

Situation: Components A and B are living beside each other. 
Problem: At some point A is destroyed (unregisteres module 'cars') and after that B can not access store module 'cars' anymore.

## Usage

### Install Dependencies
`yarn`

### Run unit tests
`yarn test:unit`

### Use Mixin
```javascript
import Vue from 'vue'
import createSecureModuleRegisterMixin from '@/SecureModuleRegisterMixin'

Vue.mixin(createSecureModuleRegisterMixin(false)) // register as global mixin
...
```
